Links: .NET Desktop - framework\wpf (#109)
dotnet/docs-desktop: dotnet-desktop-guide/framework/wpf/advanced/walkthrough-localizing-a-hybrid-application.md

- Using the LocBaml tool to produce a satellite assembly.

> For a complete code listing of the tasks illustrated in this walkthrough, see [Localizing a Hybrid Application Sample](/samples/browse/).

Reviewer: Fix sample
```suggestion
For a complete code listing of the tasks illustrated in this walkthrough, see [Localizing a Hybrid Application Sample](https://github.com/microsoft/WPF-Samples/tree/master/Migration%20and%20Interoperability/LocalizingWpfInWf).
```
